[Examples] add Contentful example (#12323)
zeit/next.js: examples/cms-contentful/README.md

- `title` - **Text** field
- `content` - **Rich text** field
- `excerpt` - **Text** field. Enable **Long text, full-text search**
- `coverImage` - **Media** field
- `date` - **Date and time** field
- `slug` - **Text** field. You can optionally go to the settings of this field, and under **Appearance**, select **Slug** to display it as a slug of the `title` field.
- `author` - **Reference** field

Save the content type and continue.

### Step 4. Populate Content

Go to the **Content** page in your space, then click on **Add entry** and select the **author** content type:

- You just need **1 author entry**.
- Use dummy data for the text.
- For the image, you can download one from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/).

Next, add a new entry to **post**:

- We recommend creating at least **2 post entries**.
- Use dummy data for the text.
- You can write markdown for the **content** field.
- For images, you can download them from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/).
- Pick the **author** you created earlier.

**Important:** For each entry, you need to click on **Publish**. If not, the entry will be in draft state.

### Step 5. Set up environment variables

> From your contentful space, go to **Settings > API keys**, there should be an example API key, you can use that one or create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From your contentful space, go to **Settings > API keys**. There should be an example Content delivery / preview token - you can use this API key.
```

Next, copy the `.env.example` file in this directory to `.env` (which will be ignored by Git):

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Then set each variable on `.env`:

- `NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID` should be the **Space ID** field of your API Key
- `NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN` should be the **Content Delivery API - access token** field of your API key
- `NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_ACCESS_TOKEN` should be the **Content Preview API - access token** field of your API key

> - `NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET` should be any value you want, it must be URL friendly as the dashboard will send it as a query parameter to enable preview mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET` should be any value you want. It must be URL friendly as the dashboard will send it as a query parameter to enable preview mode
```

Your `.env` file should look like this:

```bash
NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID=...
NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET=...
```

### Step 6. Run Next.js in development mode

```bash
npm install
npm run dev

# or

yarn install
yarn dev
```

Your blog should be up and running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)! If it doesn't work, post on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/discussions).

### Step 7. Try preview mode

> On your contentful space, go to **Settings > Content preview**, then add a new content preview for development, fill the form like so:

Reviewer: Will this be added later?

> On your contentful space, go to **Settings > Content preview**, then add a new content preview for development, fill the form like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your contentful space, go to **Settings > Content preview**, then add a new content preview for development.
```

> Now, let's add a new content preview for development, the **Name** field may be anything, like `Development`, then under **Content preview URLs**, check **post** and set its input to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Name** field may be anything, like `Development`. Then, under **Content preview URLs**, check **post** and set its value to:
```

```
http://localhost:3000/api/preview?secret=<NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET>&slug={entry.fields.slug}
```

> Replace `<NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET>` with its respective value in `.env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<NEXT_EXAMPLE_CMS_CONTENTFUL_PREVIEW_SECRET>` with its respective value in `.env`.
```

Once saved, go to one of the posts you've created and:

- **Update the title**. For example, you can add `[Draft]` in front of the title.

> - The state of the post will switch to **CHANGED**, **do not** publish it. By doing this, the post will be in draft state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The state of the post will switch to **CHANGED** automatically. **Do not** publish it. By doing this, the post will be in draft state.
```
